so we shot our keg full of holes and
they were going to take it back see if
we can get our deposit so let's go
add a little bit of a problem with my
keg you think I can still get my deposit
back could you give me a case of beer or
something cuz most of this leaked out I
kept trying to put the tap in get the
beer out and we got frustrated and one
thing led to another
yeah I'm sorry sir I don't I mean maybe
you can speak with our manager Sarah
when you come up here maybe she we were
trying to tap the keg and we got
frustrated and one thing led to another
sure all the beer leaked out I got the
beer on me I will get tripped over a few
times and you know the beer guy told me
and I tried to drive over here the
police pulled me over they said DUI took
30 minutes to deal with that now I don't
have a keg of beer you are not serious
they go everywhere with me
you're kidding right like this is the
frame we're pranks I remember to let me
kick to you don't act innocent back
there he bought the cake but he put me
in charge of opening do you think maybe
we could patch it up and put some more
beer back in I think it is their fault
they didn't give us a tab we were very
frustrated we kept trying to get in and
well one thing we started with the
proper equipment I had a hammer and a
nine-millimeter but that didn't do the
job so I hope that I'm getting pranked
because I bought all of this beer
everyone's waiting on me and now get
nothing sure you really wanted to talk
about I think I see your face I do not
believe that I think maybe I think maybe
you sold me like defective beer and
maybe
you